Previously on Big Brother!
14 strangers began the battle for three
quarters of a million dollars.
What in the world?
Among them. the Aloha Attorney.
the Nigerian Cowboy. the Rocket Scientist.
the Drag Queen. the Muscle Bound Mama.
and Mr. Pickleball.
Julie unleashed a time-bending twist.
Soon. this time machine will become fully
operational.
And then the newbies learned they would
soon be joined by a trio of legends.
Three familiar faces will
be entering the game
and competing with
you for the grand prize.
Rome. Chuck. and Jason secured safety.
You have won this competition and safety
for the whole group.
Setting the stage for some iconic returns.
Knock. knock!
Angela is literally expect the unexpected.
Then. Survivor's own Devyns joined the
fray.
Devyns!
And was totally unaware that he upset
Taylor.
When I went to embrace him. he like
skipped me.
I can't trust her.
Okay.
Soon after was the most shocking arrival
of all.
Bow down!
The icons learned they would be going head
to head.
You three will now compete against each
other to become the first HOH.
So a Jurassic showdown was set to begin.
The queen is back!
But after Rachel's rabble-rousing riled up
a raptor.
Why are you so obsessed with me?
The living legend became lava litter.
With the former BB winner out of the game.
I can confirm that Rachel has reached her
untimely demise.
I will find someone to take her place.
A former survivor winner took her spot.
I am shook.
I did not see this coming.
We're going to have a fun summer.
Dee. Devyns. and Angela were set to battle
for HOH.
The first player to build their fire
puzzle and hit their button will earn the
title of the first head of household in
recorded history.
And there was more than power at stake.
Whichever player has the least
amount of fire stacked when
the win is secured will be
the first have not of the season.
Along with their four house guest helpers.
Tonight. the first head of household of
BB28 will be crowned.
And the first three nominees of the summer
will hit the block.
Plus. is it showmance o'clock already?
Find out right now on Big Brother!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
That's not it.
That's not it?
No.
I think I'm going to
do... I'm going to bring
like the corners and
then work my way up.
I have been thrown right into the middle
of this game.
And right now. there is a one in three
chance of winning head of household.
So. I think I'm going to go for it.
I am a natural competitor. like through
and through.
And really. I want to
show people that you need
me in this game because
I can keep you safe.
Dee and I. our survivor journey on season
50 was not a smooth one.
Like. we did not work together.
We went to two tribals together.
The first one. she blindsided me.
The second one. I voted her out.
We're in the Big Brother house right now.
I don't know if Dee's going
to want to keep me around
or if she's going to want to
send me right out the door.
I think it's going to be on the right.
Okay.
Yeah.
I can't win this HOH. but Devin's can.
And maybe if we help him
out. he can return us a favor
and make sure that everyone
on my team is also safe.
So. we're pulling for him hardcore.
I don't think it's... I have something
wrong.
It's the head of household competition.
Unfortunately. I can't compete in it.
Rip.
However. I have nothing else to do other
than sit back. enjoy the view.
soak in the furs. and I'm like.
because they look so hot and good.
I'm feeling pretty good about my team.
I've got Camu.
I've got Latrice.
I've got Mallory.
I've got Rome.
I'm looking around at our competition and
I'm feeling pretty good about this.
I am going for it.
I am going for it so big.
This is my chance to redeem
myself from the last season
that I was on where I
completely fumbled my first HOH.
That's not it.
That's not it?
No. because think about the colors too.
Think about the colors.
Flat edge.
Even though I'm safe because I won my
safety competition. I'm going to give it
my all in this HOH so Angela knows she can
trust me.
Put the other ones together.
But it's not it.
Push those other... Put
the other ones together.
Put the bottom ones together.
Take your time.
There you go.
Rome and Lala absolutely mean well.
but I think they're adding more stress to
an already incredibly stressful situation
for Angela.
You've got another flat edge right there.
Oh. there's another one?
That flat edge right there.
As somebody who has spent a lot of time
competing and fighting. the last thing
that I want is for somebody screaming at
me.
Yup. there you go.
It's going to match you this time.
It's got to be...
Yes.
I'm loving that.
How are we looking?
How are we doing?
Looking good.
That one.
Right there.
No. no. no.
Behind.
Back it up.
There you go.
That one.
You guys feel good?
Yeah. we're good.
I feel like the competitions on Survivor
have really helped me for this moment
right now because I love
working in a team and it really
does feel like my teammates
are helping me right now.
There you go.
That's it.
And you're going to what?
Two yellowish orange ones.
I love puzzles.
I think I'm fairly good at them.
Our strategy is to make a
strong foundation. hold the rope
as hard as we can. and help
Dee with the puzzle pieces.
Money.
Dude. y'all keep holding it.
Y'all are doing good.
I am locked in.
I'm not looking at what anyone else is
doing and our flame is going up.
We're in really good shape.
There we go.
Money.
Back out.
That's my fault.
We're fine.
You already know it.
It's okay.
We're fine.
I hit it with my hip and it all comes
crashing down.
So now I'm looking at the
other two teams for the first time
and going. we just went from
the lead to being way behind.
It's panic mode.
I got to get this thing going.
The team with the least amount of fire
fragments built will be have-nots.
I have nothing against Devin's.
but when I was trying to introduce myself
earlier in the day. he kind of turned his
back on me.
It hurt my feelings. so I
don't want him to win head
of household. but I also
don't want to be a have-not.
You got to stop it in a row.
Think about the fire.
Yes.
There you go.
There you go. baby.
My hand is literally
shaking. but I'm feeling
like we could actually
win this thing right now.
Yes. yes. yes.
It's okay.
We know where the pieces go.
There's no way I cannot be a have-not.
Not my first week.
So I need to lock in and rebuild this
fire.
Put the flat edge down.
No. you were right.
Come on.
Nice.
There you go. yo.
How's it looking on that side?
Because it's a double puzzle.
It looks good.
It looks good?
Yeah. it looks good.
You're good.
I am so locked in.
This is truly anybody's game right now.
Bang.
There it is.
Yeah. that is it.
Genius. baby.
From you.
Put it on the ground.
No. flat edge on the bottom.
There you go.
The second I saw Angela
coming to this house. I was like.
okay. we got our first person
we can kick out with no problem.
And then I find myself on her team for the
head of household competition.
So now I've got to root for her because I'm
hoping that she's going to keep us safe.
Think about what's going to go in that
middle edge right there.
Yep.
Now. other side.
Other side.
Yep.
There it is.
Now. all those are outside. so that means
that inside piece is next in your hand.
Yeah. yeah. that one goes somewhere
because it's inside.
Yes.
There you go.
And now. just follow the border.
D.
Yep.
Hold it steady. guys.
There's going to be another piece that
goes there first. I think.
There you go.
Angela. you got this. baby.
It's not going to go up there.
Is there any more pieces in there.
D?
Check.
I'm focusing on trying to help D put
together this puzzle.
Probably one more.
I want to show her that
I'm trustworthy. I'm a
team player. and that
I'm down to work with her.
Let's ride.
I think that piece is going to go on that
side.
Take that one off right now and work the
middle.
Do not hit that platform. Angela.
That's definitely middle.
I just did this. but I just can't get it
to work.
This should be so easy a caveman can do
it.
Reverse it.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Like that?
Yeah. there you go.
That's it.
Good job.
I'm looking at the other platforms.
and they're so high.
Our strategy is to hold this platform low
and centered. because that's a big flame.
So D doesn't have far to go for that last
piece to get it on top.
Follow the yellow flame that's painted on
there.
You see how the yellow dripped?
We got it. guys.
Just keep it steady.
There you go.
And now do not bump this platform.
All right. remember what it looks like.
That's the one.
That's the one. guys.
Keep it steady. okay?
Hold it steady. guys.
One more. D.
Good. yes.
Perfect.
We're all safe this week. all right?
Yes.
Looks right. yep.
There you go.
Do not move.
Do not move even after I hit the buzzer.
okay?
Stay there.
Congratulations. D!
You're the first H.O.H.
of the season!
I am the first H.E.A.D.
of H.O.U.S.E.
H.O.U.L.E.
This really proves to people
that I'm a competitor. and
it really gives them a reason
to want to work with me.
I'm super excited. but at the same time.
I have to nominate three H.O.U.S.E.
guests. which means I'm going to upset
some people.
Let's go.
At the time of the win. Devins. you had
the least amount of puzzle pieces correct.
That means you. along
with Drew. Chuck. Haley.
and Taylor will be
have-nots for the week.
You know who you're messing with.
I just can't believe I blew it on the
first H.O.H.
Last place. so now my whole team and I
have to be have-nots for the week.
So we're going to be living like cavemen.
Couldn't be a worse start to the season.
Me no like fire puzzle.
I'm so bummed that we didn't win it.
but on the flip side of the coin.
we don't have to be have-nots this week.
I'm not going to have
the responsibility of
nominating three people and
getting blood on my hands.
I would love to work with Dee and Devins
in this game.
Because if one of us falls. then we all
are going to fall like dominoes.
Let's go. yo!
Let's go!
Dee just won H.O.H.
Jason. Melody. Lyric. and I helped her do
it.
So I'm hoping this helps keep us off the
block.
I'm feeling safe and I'm feeling good.
Rachel. you look so different!
My.
God. I am in the big brother house and I
cannot believe that I am playing this game.
But this first week is
going to be really tough
because I have to nominate
three people for eviction.
And at the same time. I have to figure out
who I can truly trust in this house.
Hey. and we don't have to be have-nots
because of you. so thank you.
Thank you.
What happened to you?
I'm not head of household. but I feel like
I'm in a good place because Dee has won it.
And I feel like I'm going to
be good with her and Devin's
because they've got to be
thinking the same thing that I am.
We're all coming here as
icons. so we've got to have
each other's back or we're
going home one by one.
Oh. let's stretch these legs.
That was my first time travel ever.
But not our last.
I have a feeling.
I have a feeling you're right about that.
So I'm real curious how it's going to go
with Dee as head of household.
Because this is where I'm going to find out.
does Dee want to play this game with me?
Or does Dee want to get rid of me right
away?
I outlasted her on Survivor 50.
I know she doesn't want me to outlast her
in the Big Brother house.
So this is her opportunity
to sweep me off the
board or to set the
two of us up for success.
Nice.
Well. I'm glad you get a warm shower at
least. bro.
Thank God.
I'm going to get changed.
Tuck. we got to go find the Have Not room.
As a fan. I know being a Have Not means
slop. cold showers. in a terrible room
that I know I will not be able to sleep
in.
And I'm already shaking with fear.
We'll get that Have Not experience.
Who doesn't want that?
Oh my gosh!
I'm going to be so seasick.
This Have Not room is terrible.
I already feel like I'm going to get
nightmares.
There's chains hanging from the wall.
There's no pillows.
There's these little sacks.
And all of us are supposed to fit on this
spinning table.
This is terrible!
This is crazy. dude.
I went safety and now I got to live here.
This looks like one of those ancient
torture stretchers.
Oh my God!
This is crazy.
I've slept in a lot of
difficult places. but now I
have to worry about the rest
of my team turning on me.
And they might turn on me even faster than
this awful bed turns.
I might be sleeping on this spinning
torture device with one eye open.
It moves all night.
It keeps moving.
I hate this!
Let's introduce ourselves!
So you guys know that I'm Angela.
This seems so silly.
I was here for season 26.
That was a dream for me.
And to be almost 53. to have a dream come
true twice. is remarkable.
Everybody knows who Angela is.
All I can think of is crazy eyes.
That girl got too many hi's and ho's.
She acts like that. we all gonna have a
problem.
A big problem.
My name is Kamu. that's short for Kamuela.
I was born in Hawaii.
I was raised in Arizona.
I'm 32 and I am an MMA coach.
Big Brother did really good with the
casting because there is somebody in
particular that I think I would look good
with.
And he may or may not have a couple
tattoos.
I don't want to say any names at all.
He is really hot though.
Hi. I'm Mallory.
I'm 24. I'm from New Jersey.
I work in power distribution. so it's like
utility Poles.
I'm not going to tell people
that I'm a rocket scientist
because that information could
put a bigger target on my back.
And I want to stay under the radar for
now.
But when the time is
right. this braid is going
to figure out how to
take home that $750.000.
All right. I'm Chuck.
Full name is actually Chukwimeka.
I'm Nigerian.
Oh. oh. single?
Very single.
He's very single.
What's up guys?
I'm Drew.
I'm 22 years old.
I'm from California. if you couldn't tell.
And I'm a surgical dental assistant.
Drew seems like a great guy.
He's 22 and in my mind. I'm 22.
He's a bro. man.
Like. we might be able to bro down.
Come on. Drew.
I am Melody.
I am 24.
One of my favorite things to do in my free
time is stand-up comedy.
Okay.
You know. us California guys. dude.
we love our blondes.
And Melody fits that to a T.
I just want to make sure I do not get too
distracted in here.
Hello. I'm Jason.
I live in L.A.
and I am a drag queen.
I'm not telling anybody I was on RuPaul's
Drag Race.
I'm taking that secret to finale night.
You look so familiar to me.
I might follow you on Instagram.
What did Angela just say?
I think I might follow him.
I can't be 100% because I do follow a lot
of drag queens.
I dressed as Ainsley during your season
one. so maybe that's why.
I'm going to say whatever I need to to
deflect from that.
If the boys ever want to get in drag.
We could put on a drag show.
I'm just saying.
Hi. everyone.
My name is Lyric.
I'm from Honolulu. Hawaii.
I'm 25 and I'm a singer at a luau show.
Being an attorney puts a
target on your back. so I
really need to make sure
that I keep that locked up.
Give us a Do Re Mi Fa Sol La Ti Do.
Oh. gosh. girl. I don't know about that
one.
Lyric is stunning.
Just beautiful eyes. soft-spoken.
kind voice.
It's almost like when I saw her.
like. music started to play.
Like. there was no music happening in the
house. but I heard the music.
I'm Rome.
I'm 28.
I teach pickleball and tennis to your
mother and grandmother.
Oh. my goodness.
He's very cute.
Teach at a 55 and over community.
My parents would love to play tennis and
pickleball with him.
Green flag.
My name is Latrice. but you can call me
Lala.
It's easier.
I am 37 years old.
I'm sorry. 47 years old.
Wait. no. I'm 57 years old.
I'll be 58 next week.
I thought you were in your frickin' 30s.
Yo. 57 turning 58.
The girl looks good.
My name is Haley.
I'm 29.
I am single.
I have a cute little
dog named Loki. and I
dress him up every
night in his little jammies.
Hi. guys.
I'm Yash. 24 years old.
I'm from New Jersey.
I work in financial reporting.
Yash is such a cutie.
OMG.
So excited to get to know him.
My name is Taylor.
Hi. Taylor.
I'm from South Florida. Deerfield Beach.
small town.
I am an elementary school counselor. and
in the summertime. I have a lemonade stand.
I'm Dee.
That's short for Dianelis.
I was born in Cuba. but I live in Miami.
Florida. so nearby Deerfield.
I have four children.
They're dogs.
Dee. stop playing. girl.
I'm not afraid to say that Dee is
absolutely my survivor crush.
I mean. Dee is. like. stunning.
Like. so stunning that. like. I can't even
function.
Not only that. she is. like. a hardcore
player. so I feel like I'm in a trap.
Hi. everybody.
My name is Barrett.
I am a field engineer for. like.
LED video screens and jumbotrons and
stuff. so they send me. like. way too high
in the air all the time.
And I'm already. like. way too high in the
air as it is.
Hi. I'm Ashley.
I'm 24 years of age.
and I'm a bartender. and
I'm single. and I have
never had a hamburger.
Because you don't eat meat?
I love to eat. but I've never had a
burger.
They say expect the
unexpected in the Big
Brother house. but Ashley
has just blown my mind.
I have heard a lot of strange things in my
42 years on this earth. but this...
I love beef. cheese. lettuce. and bun.
How is this happening?
We gotta get her a burger.
I'm Devins. which is short for Rick
Devins.
Two-time survivor loser.
Oh. damn. damn.
Former news anchor.
Seeing Devins in the Big Brother house.
I have no idea what to expect.
He's a familiar face.
I really. really like him as a human
being.
But we are both gamers. and even though we
burned each other on Survivor 50.
I'm hoping that we can put that behind us.
We have such a wonderful. diverse group of
people. and I know that that's what Big
Brother specializes in. bringing people
from all walks of life to come together
and to spend a summer together and learn
about one another.
Before we cut each other's throats.
Lala's comment kind of took me back.
Things are going to get real. real soon.
BB28!
You're HOH!
I'm going up to talk to Dee.
She's the first HOH.
I love you.
I love you too.
I literally mean you.
I freaking love Survivor. by the way.
Come sit.
Being a return Big Brother alumni.
I want to go up there and let her know
that I was in the same position that she
is now.
So. I'm going to tell you.
Yeah.
Because I went stupid last time.
I made such a mess of my HOH.
I just stayed up here. like. hostage.
Hell no. I don't want to do that.
I can be here all night with you.
I won't do it with everybody.
Don't do it.
Just. like. branch out. make connections.
make friends. get solid things going.
I was the first head of household on my
season.
And let's just say it did not go as I
would have expected.
So. I kind of want to give her some advice
on what not to do.
Don't make my mistake.
And anything can happen.
Anything can happen this week.
But you and I are locked in.
And your name... Same for me.
...would never come out of my mouth.
Same for me.
Yes.
And I already feel that.
I don't even need to say it.
I know.
Do you know what I mean?
Like. I don't even need to say it.
Yes.
Which is great.
Thank God.
We've got to stay strong together.
We will.
Coming into this house. I know exactly who
Angela is.
So. I'm really excited to talk to her and
see where her head's at in this game.
Because we're locked in. we need to be so
low-key.
I know.
Because we're
already. like... I know.
And I'm just trying to figure out how to
navigate this.
Yeah.
She is really freaking
intelligent and people are kind
of putting that aside just
because she's a fireball.
Like. you can be both in this game.
I am a student of the
game and I want to learn
from someone who has
already been in this process.
And in this moment. I am definitely feeling
like she's someone that I'm able to trust.
Thank you.
I'm so excited.
I'm excited for you.
We're going to have the best summer ever.
We're really going to have the best summer
ever.
I got you.
Thank you for your advice.
I'm. like. taking it.
You don't have to.
Literally. there's nobody better.
Oh. I will.
You've done this.
Like. anything that you need.
What do you mean?
Like. ask me.
No. thank you.
Can people hear?
That was kind of loud.
I would be a little bit more quiet.
Oh. bro. yeah.
Dude. okay. so anyways. just because I
don't know how much time we have to talk.
Keep going.
I'm going to be opening this while you're
talking. acting like I'm looking at it.
Dude. you were somebody
that stood out to me
very early on because
you're level-headed.
You don't seem like a loose Cannon.
I don't want to be the person who's
leading the whole room.
I don't want to ick anyone out quickly.
Dude. totally.
If you're down to rock. bro. let's rock.
Like. I'm cool with it.
I love that. dude.
Chuck and I are on the same page.
We both want to work with each other.
And looking at him. the dude is built like
a bull.
And I think would be a physical threat and
be good at competitions.
I think between the two of us.
we could win power.
I think so. too.
And I think we could
make level-headed strategic
decisions in the game
without being overly emotional.
What I think that we
should consider is who
else we would want to
bring on board with us.
I really like Katelyn.
I like her.
She's funny.
I really knew I wanted to work with Kamu.
Like. look at this guy.
He looks like a Greek god.
And so. who would not
want to work with someone
like that knowing he
can win competitions?
Bro. I think we need this combo.
Dude. 100%.
Me. too.
Hey. let's rock. bro.
Let's rock.
I feel really good about this.
Yeah. me. too.
Oh. my gosh.
This is so strange just unpacking and
being here.
I mean. also. it's like we're so lucky.
I know.
It's such a cool thing.
I'm very grateful.
But even me coming into
here. I got really scared because
I'm like. I've never run
this many straight people.
Sorry. I'm gonna cry.
When I'm in drag. I'm fearless.
Like. I can talk to anybody.
But. like. out of drag. like. I don't... I
don't know how to. like. really connect
with. like. people I don't feel safe
around.
I'm scared.
Because I'm just so in my bubble.
you know.
I know how you feel.
My son is gay.
Alright?
Oh. my.
And he didn't even come out until he was.
like. in his mid-twenties.
Oh.
My beautiful. strong. handsome boy is gay.
And after I finished my season.
he came out to everybody.
It was wonderful because he felt freed.
Oh. his whole life. I did not know.
Really?
Yeah.
He was. like. the big guy on the football
team.
Angela!
Just even talking about it right now.
it just makes me very emotional.
I just want to let Jason know I will be
his proud mama bear.
And I want to embrace him and let him know
that I got you.
Like. I'm here.
I live in my gay bubble in West Hollywood.
I'm at my drag shows
with a lot of straight
girls. but it's different
because I'm in drag.
I can't wait to see you do that for us.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Oh!
She'll come out at some point.
When is these lights going off?
It could have been worse.
We could be dead.
Good night.
Are you comfortable?
I'm a lot more comfortable like this.
Oh. man.
Oh. turn it off. please.
Oh. my gosh. no.
No.
Dude. welcome to Big Brother.
We signed up for this.
It's creaking.
This is not real.
What up. big dog?
Hello.
We finally have a place to chill.
Hello. hello.
I'm actually happy that Chuck had
suggested Haley.
She made a really good first impression on
me.
So. she was somebody that I was actually
already considering working with as well.
For me. the two people in the house that I
like a lot. y'all two.
Every past season. if the guys try and
form an alliance. it just blows up.
Those last winners were women.
I need a girl.
You have to have a girl.
America. you knew I grew up with all
women.
So. you knew it was
going to be vital that I
needed to align myself
with a woman in the house.
And that is what we got in Haley.
Because she brings such an amazing energy.
She's a comp beast by looking at her.
And she's going to be able to get into
those conversations with the girls that.
honestly. me and Kamu. we can't.
I feel like I can play both sides with the
guys and the girls.
I wanted to know if you had a good
relationship with him.
And if you'd be able to get information.
Yeah. you need that?
I feel really good about working with
Chuck and with Kamu.
I'm kind of always like the girls guy
already.
I can't do the fakeness and I feel like a
lot of guys clock that.
I love the fact that Chuck and Kamu are
emotionally grounded.
Because that's going to be a huge thing in
this game.
And I'm exactly the same way.
I think we have the mental.
We have the physical.
I think we're all emotionally chilled.
That's what I like.
Here's what I think we should consider.
Sorry to cut you off.
Dee and Devins is kind of...
Chilling.
That's a good pair.
100%.
Who?
Survivors.
Devins and Dee.
They went in there?
Just now?
They're talking.
It's like the merge where there's so many
people.
I'm good.
I can't.
Dee and I do have a history.
And it's not a beautiful one in terms of
how we played together on Survivor 50.
This is the first chance I have to find
out where her head is really at.
Like. does she want to work with me?
Or is there going to be a distance there?
How do you feel with me?
I'm open for whatever.
Me too.
I like you.
100%.
I'm so relieved that Devins wants to lock
in with me.
I was really worried about how we left
things off on Survivor 50.
But game over!
Like. that's my guy.
You voted me off.
Yeah.
I was mad at you for a little bit.
Right.
And then I got over it.
But at the end of the day. we're locked
in.
That's exactly what I wanted.
Listen. I would never say this to her
face.
Dee's better at these games than I am.
dude.
Like. I'm always trying to put on a big
show.
Dee is steady.
And she crushes the comps.
And she knows the strategic game.
And I think it's going to be a beautiful
collaboration.
There's. like. stuff happening already.
What do you mean?
Groups.
I see different groups.
Haley.
Chuck.
And Kamo.
They're a trio.
They're strategists.
They're working.
That group would probably love to have
you.
Mm-hmm.
I am going to go and talk to them.
We need to start. like. rallying people
up.
I've talked to Angela.
Ah!
I feel good about her.
Me too.
Just be careful.
Because it seems like when things can get
bad. she will get. like...
And she could blow everything up.
Drew and I talked a little bit.
Are you big?
Yeah.
You watch Survivor?
That's so sick.
Are you excited to play?
Dude. I'm so sorry.
It's bizarre.
I can't wait to see. like. how you
integrate. man.
And it doesn't seem like he has a group
either.
It doesn't.
Barrett is so sweet.
He doesn't seem like he's going to get
shaken. really.
Like. in a good way.
Let's put together a band of misfits.
Hell yeah.
Yeah. dude.
Okay. so here's the plan.
I am trying to reel in the strong
competitors.
People like Chuck. Kamu. Haley.
who are most likely to win competitions.
Devin. on the other hand. is going to
bring in the people who have yet to find a
home. because it's going to be the least
suspecting.
I got you. whatever you need.
I got you forever. Kaliam.
I'm. like. so blessed to. like.
have you guys in here.
I know. right?
It's so nice.
Like. I was so scared coming in that.
like. I wouldn't get along with people.
I know.
Everyone's been.
like... Oh. thank you.
Yes.
Like. super friendly.
So friendly to the point where I'm. like.
the thought of. like. someone leaving.
..
I know.
...makes me so scared and nervous and.
like. sick.
Dude. I know.
And I wonder what. like. Dee is thinking.
I'm so scared she's going to put me up or
something.
I just. like. haven't talked to her
really.
Lyric and Melody are definitely my girls.
We just connect on kind of a deeper level.
I feel like.
And right now. they're the only people I
feel 100% confident with.
The thing that's most nerve-wracking is
that there's three people instead of two.
Yeah. I know.
I don't like that.
I really hope I don't. like. go up on the
block.
That would really stress me out.
I know.
Rome. Chuck. and Jason are all safe this
week.
I have a feeling that she's not going to
nominate any of the other icons.
And she has to nominate three people.
And that's not leaving her with a lot of
options.
So I think it's time that I talk to Dee.
Yes. 100%.
I hope Dee's just like. let's just get
these. like. boys out of here.
Did you want to talk to him?
Okay.
He's showering now.
That cold shower was no joke.
Was it freezing?
It was not warm.
Devins and I had already talked about me
infiltrating this group.
So them coming to talk to me is going
according to plan.
I talked to Chuck this morning.
I said. hey man. I definitely think that
we should bring in Hailey.
The three of us talk and we're like. okay.
here's what I think that we should do.
That we need people who are good
competitors and people that we can trust
and that we can rock with through this
game.
And then you were the first person that we
talked about.
We're like. what about Dee?
That makes me so happy.
Dee has already shown a track record of
being able to perform well under pressure
and of being loyal to the people that
she's working with.
And that's exactly the
type of person that I
want to work with in
this game moving forward.
If you guys are on board.
and I think Chuck is. but
we can talk to Chuck too
before we make any moves.
I have been planning on having a
conversation with Devens.
But I wanted to talk to you guys first.
I'm down to bring him in. but I think we
need to stay as a core.
I was like. I would stick with a four.
but bring him in as a four.
A hundred percent.
But remember. we need. we need numbers.
And I would like to work with Devens as
long as possible because I do think.
I do think that he could help Elias.
I think we gotta like suss him out.
I have an idea.
Let's talk to Chuck. keep it
as the four. but also bring in
Devens. have a time for the
five and see how the vibe is.
This is honestly going perfectly because
this was my plan anyway.
I obviously want Devens in this alliance.
but I can't show my cards too soon.
I want them to think that this is their
idea.
I like this a hundred percent.
Yeah.
I feel really confident in terms of our
skills.
Shh.
To win challenges.
We're spread out all over the house
perfectly.
Yes. we're all so different.
Yes.
With this group. I gotta be so strategic.
I feel like the three of them are
constantly gaming.
So I'm gonna let them tell me their
agenda.
I feel so much better than I did this
morning.
Me too.
This is beautiful.
Who do we want out?
I think what we do is we go after the
three girls.
Lyric. Mallory and Melody.
And the justification for that can be.
I just. I always see you guys together.
As far as men go. outside of us.
Barrett.
Yeah.
We can put up Mallory and Lyric.
We can put up Barrett so it doesn't look
like you have a thing with the women.
Okay?
You guys are pushing your agenda on me.
but what you're not realizing is that
you're giving me information about exactly
who you're trying to protect in this game.
What are your thoughts?
Don't have to figure that out tonight.
We do have to figure out a lion's name.
There's five of us.
What color do you think of when you think
of five?
I think of red when I think of five.
Me too.
So red what?
The red corner.
Wait. what does that mean?
In MMA. the champions fight out of the red
corner.
It kind of sounds like a cool movie name.
I kind of like it.
The red corner.
Okay.
Red corner.
The red corner.
One. two. three.
Red corner.
I am absolutely pumped about the red
corner alliance.
I love all of the members
in our group. and I actually
think that we are going to
do very. very well together.
Yo. we have a core.
It's a vigilant guy.
Dun. dun. dun. dun. dun. dun.
This just into the Big Brother newsroom.
Kamu. Chuck. and
Haley think they've put
together the red corner
alliance to run the game.
But what they don't know
is they're just one small
piece of the D and Devin's
plan for house domination.
Stay tuned.
Do you have a girlfriend back home?
No.
Single?
Yeah.
What kind of girls do you like?
It's funny. like Lyric is like my direct
type.
Lyric is my type to a T.
It's only been a few
days. and I can already see
the like eye tag that
Roman and I are playing.
Yeah. right. right. right?
Just little gentleman things that he's
doing makes me... melt. makes me melt.
Is that for me?
I have a dirty hand.
Okay. the end of it.
But I know it's not smart
because how other people
view our relationship could
put a target on my back.
For me?
For you.
I can't wear it because it's going to be
too obvious.
But I love it.
I'll take it back.
I won.
Because following me around everywhere is
not obvious. right?
I am?
Yeah.
What?
What do you mean?
Today?
Yes.
When I'm with Lyric. I feel calm.
at home. safe.
She's unbelievably magnetic.
I like it too.
And I just can't help myself but want to
be around her.
Baby steps. one step at a time.
You know?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
It's scary too though.
And so. me and Rome. we
need to keep it low-key by not
being so lovey-dovey and
showing PDA throughout the day.
So. sorry. I won't follow you.
Please do.
But trust me. I would if I could.
God. is it hot in here?
You're very beautiful.
You think so?
You're stunning from the moment I saw you.
It's crazy. I feel surreal.
So cute.
She's so pretty.
Yeah.
Lyric. what are you doing?
This was not supposed to be the strategy.
Oh my goodness.
I thought I was stronger than this.
Also. my grandparents are watching this.
Kissing on the freaking second day.
Yikes.
I'm trying to get some sleep in here.
but it sounds like Lyric and Rome are
getting a little busy up in the next bunk
over.
I'm thinking. hello. I'm right here.
Do you want to sleep here?
Yeah.
I know some people don't really
care about PDA and doing things
in front of other people. but
I ain't one of those people.
What did you experience?
So. I mean. they were in the same pod
together.
This is stupid.
So you just heard them macking on each
other too?
You heard it too?
I don't know what I heard for sure.
I tried to go to bed for like five
seconds.
Took it off. got in bed.
I was like. nah. these ain't happening.
I don't want to see it. I don't want to
hear it.
I know. and it's already hard to sleep
enough.
Like. it's like. for real?
Day two is hilarious.
Day two is crazy.
You know. you know.
Joke.
No one wanted to talk to me all day. and
then they're trying to talk to me right now.
Oh my God. you guys.
Let's put this...
Okay.
I feel so good about this.
You guys have no idea how much better this
season has started off for me.
Yay.
Like. I just feel like. good.
Like. really good with you guys.
Yeah. I mean. and like. you're in the
driver's seat right now.
Thank you.
You're the one.
But honestly. it's fine.
But we got your back as soon as it goes.
D is my number one. no doubt about it.
But our number three strong spot is
Angela. who is a Big Brother legend.
but three people aren't going to get it
done in the Big Brother house.
You need to have more folks
to control votes. to control
the action. to control the
general feel of the house.
So we got to find a few more people to
join our band of misfits.
We just got to find the right ones.
A lot of people have been really nice to
me. and like. the people I feel best with
right now. obviously you guys.
it's a no-brainer. but is Barrett.
I feel really good with Barrett.
Yeah.
And now. like. Drew's kind of winning me
over a little bit.
Mm-hmm.
I think Drew's exactly the
person we want to bring in and
make him feel like he does
have a place in this house.
He's such a big fan of not only Big
Brother. but also Survivor.
I think he's going to bring a lot to the
table in terms of his knowledge of the game.
I think he wants in. I think he wants that
action. and that's exactly what we want.
Come on in.
Oh.
Let's go in there.
Well. we like you.
Yeah.
Collectively.
Thank you guys.
Very much.
Yeah.
We think this could be something really
cool.
Yeah.
This is. like. I walked here. and I saw
all of you here at one point.
I was like. it would be so cool just to
even be friends with one of them.
And now I'm like. oh. I got all three.
This is crazy.
So. very exciting.
Thank you guys.
With Barrett in it.
Yes.
I love him.
I'm happy we're together.
We've got our first four locked in.
We just need to lock in that fifth.
There's a lot of shelves
in this house. and we need
someone who can reach
every single one of them.
And that's Big Barrett.
Literally. the big missing piece of this
alliance.
Dean and I talked.
Like. in my mind. I love. like.
a band of misfits.
Like. I hope you don't take that the wrong
way.
Super loyal players.
I'm not flipping my boat to go with the
house.
Like. I think that's the dumbest thing in
the world.
So. Rick Devens. you're telling me I'm in
an alliance with the current HOH?
Like. yeah.
I'm going to say yes to that.
I mean. I wasn't in the
room when the alliance
was formed. and I
definitely will not forget that.
But I'll take it for now. because it's
starting to look more and more like I'm safe.
Love that idea.
This is exciting.
This is crazy.
First of all. I think we're going to talk.
whatever. have fun. strategize.
By the end of it. we should for sure know
who exactly are the nominees.
I'm going to say... 10 minutes?
20 minutes?
10 minutes?
10 minutes!
Yep. no problem.
What's that?
Comment.
So. Kamo. Chuck. and Hailey.
They're coming in here and telling me.
like. what to do.
And I am agreeing.
And I do want to. like. be good with them.
too.
I think it's going to help us.
You sons of bitches.
Melody and Mallory.
My strategy with this
group is to let them know.
hey. I'm obviously doing
what's best for my game.
But I also want to nominate people that
are not going to blow your games up either.
So I want to make sure that each and every
one of you feel safe with this decision.
And what we can actually do. one from each
group to make it fair.
I'm leaning towards nominating one person
from each group from the HOH competition.
Three people are already safe.
Rome. Jason. and Chuck.
And I'm not going to be putting anyone up
in either of my alliances.
How do we feel about that?
I feel good about it.
I'm just not going to mess up any of your
connections.
No. not at all.
In Big Brother fashion. if you don't have
a name. you're not really an alliance.
It has to be something like Icon.
But mixed with something.
Yeah. mixed.
Mixed with Big Brother people.
Like. Crossover.
Like. what are other names?
Crossover is cool.
I like Crossover.
The Crossovers.
Because it's like Survivor and the
Crossovers.
I like the Crossovers.
The Crossovers is the group that I am
riding with and it's where my loyalty lies.
I want to be open with
them in these conversations so
that my decision is benefiting
each and every one of us.
I love it.
I can't wait for you to just do some fun.
sneaky stuff.
It's going to be great.
Dude. I can't wait.
Just have so much fun.
The only thing more fun to me than doing
fun. sneaky stuff is doing fun.
sneaky stuff with my friends.
You know what I mean?
I love it.
Yeah.
It makes me so happy.
Absolutely.
I trust you to get us out of a jam.
I trust Dee to get us out of a jam.
Yeah.
Even those guys. they're going to be real
valuable once they get comfortable.
you know what I mean?
Yeah. I wanted to just kind of hear more
about that situation.
I'm going to tell Angela
about this Red Corner
alliance because
she's my true alliance.
And I need her to know that I'm straight
up with her.
So I don't want her
to hear about this from
someone else and start
questioning what we have.
I want to be the first one to get her that
information.
It was Haley. Chuck. Kamu. me and Dee.
Yeah. so they come in there offering up
this ready-made situation to you guys.
And they didn't even mention me at all.
like. coming in?
Like. I'm on the outskirts.
I think so.
Wow.
Did you guys name an alliance or anything?
Yeah.
What is it?
So they got named before we got named.
Isn't that crazy?
The Red Corner.
Because the defending
champ fights out of the Red
Corner and the contender
fights out of the blue.
Dee. Devins and I. we are a core three.
But we've brought in two more people to
kind of really. like. insulate us.
Drew and Barrett.
So now we are five.
We are solid.
And now. after Devins has shared with me
about this Red Corner alliance that
they're a part of. I feel even more solid
with them.
I really do feel like trust is there.
I think you've caught me up to speed.
This is really good.
Yeah.
And. like. they seem very confident in.
like. that we're with them.
I'm telling you. my
complete 100% alliance is to
you and Dee. and then
the other two we brought in.
I guess if Drew's here. we should fill
Drew in a little bit.
Yeah.
We just had Haley and Chuck and Comet
pulled me into the HOH with Dee.
Okay.
And we formed a five-person alliance.
Okay. very nice.
Obviously. I did not tell them about our
alliance because we're the real alliance.
The alliance.
Okay. let's debrief.
Okay.
I think we'd be great politicians.
This is going very well.
I mean. we're solid with the alliance.
right?
Yeah.
All right.
Okay. good. because I told them about the
Red Corner.
Oh. then...
You.
told them about the Red Corner?
Yeah.
What?
I thought that was a fake one.
It is fake. but if it blows up.
it's going to backfire on us.
I'm sorry.
It'd be good for you.
I think we need to do an alliance with us.
We need a plan if it backfires.
Yeah.
We need to start talking.
Okay.
Did you tell them about the Red Corner?
Angela and Drew.
Okay.
We should have done that.
Bro. Devins. I'm going to freaking kill
you.
First of all. love you. Rick. but what the
heck are you doing?
Like. you are giving people power to use
against you in the future.
Maybe that's why you lost on your first
season.
And dude. this is not
only your game at risk.
but you're also
putting my game at risk.
So I've got to make sure that I keep these
relationships strong because if in the
case that it does blow up. I want it to
fall on him and not me.
You shouldn't have told me.
You shouldn't have.
I went a little rogue on this one and I
feel bad about it.
My bad.
Now I know.
How do we go forward from here?
I'll slow my roll on that from now on for
sure.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm not a liability. D.
Don't bail on me.
What's up?
I'm feeling pretty nervous about
nominations.
I haven't had much of an opportunity to
talk to D about game or about anything.
So now's my chance and I want her to just
kind of get to know me a little bit.
So. I wish that I got to meet you before
you were HOH. I feel like.
Like. has that been intimidating?
Because I was thinking about it the other
day.
Like. no one even knew you were coming.
We all thought it was going to be Rachel.
But I'm not gone!
And then. as soon as you got in. before
anybody talked to you. you were HOH.
Like. has that been kind of crazy?
What?
Sorry?
Has that been kind of crazy?
Like. as soon as you meet everyone.
you're HOH right away.
It's been the most insane thing ever.
Yeah.
But. um. yeah. I feel like I haven't
gotten to talk. like. more with you yet.
But. like. I don't know if I told you.
I'm trying to go to all 50 states.
And I'm from New Jersey.
Um. yeah.
Yeah.
I've been to Connecticut and Rhode Island
for. like. college tours.
Yeah. I don't know. it was really
disappointing.
I wanted to be a flight attendant so bad.
You are talking about everything.
it seems like. except the game.
I have these. like. big measuring stick
Poles.
Like. I put it up. it's. like.
taller than. like. three of me.
But. like. when I put it down.
I can carry it.
Like. both of high school. I was involved
with this terrible guy.
Okay. I'm trying to. like. go out and
experience nightlife.
And I feel like you need to have a good
mix with strategy talk and life talk.
There has to be some sort of balance in
this game.
It's. like. kind of spicy.
Yeah. it's interesting.
So. after my conversation with Dee.
I definitely got the vibe that she is not
trying to talk about games.
I think I'm going to go down there to the
pool. actually.
I didn't get any type of indication that
she is going for me on the block.
But I have a really bad feeling that I am
going on the block.
When you're. like. tanning. it feels so
good.
Right?
It's just awesome.
Can we close this?
Yes. it is closeable.
I already feel like I
have figured out. with
the crossovers. who
I'm going to nominate.
But since Devins and I are playing both
sides. we're going to meet with Red Corner.
And really. at this point. I am agreeing
with everything they're saying.
Because I want them
to feel really safe. and I
want them to feel like
they are the ones in charge.
But really. I think I know who I'm going
to nominate.
Okay. let's talk nominations.
I've been thinking a lot. and I want to
talk to you guys first about it.
I've been feeling like the best thing to
do right now. because it's so early.
is. like. maybe pick one person from each
group to make it feel. like. fair.
What do you mean. group?
Like. from the HOH comp.
Oh. okay.
I feel like the easiest way for me to
give. like. an excuse is. like.
well. these are the people I haven't
talked much strategy with.
And there's a lot of people.
I actually love that idea.
Lyric. pretty easy to put up. in general.
So she can kind of be put up whenever.
when it. like. starts getting hard.
And her enrollment made themselves so
obvious now.
I was thinking Taylor.
We haven't talked a lot of game.
I think I'd be smart with her. because
nobody would vote her off from my group.
Mallory.
I feel so bad. you guys.
She went upstairs. and she was up there
for a long ass time.
There was no game talk.
It's like. let's lock in.
So. Taylor. Mallory.
It can't be all girls.
It can't be all guys.
That's gonna backfire on me.
You still have Barrett.
Yash and Drew are the only guys from this
group. so it's gotta be Yash or Drew.
I'm a little bit worried
about this idea that
Dee has of putting somebody
up from her own team.
Only because I'm not totally
sure that people are going to
respect the move to put up
somebody that helped her win HOH.
An option that may work for you is
Barrett.
Barrett is in what group?
He didn't play.
If you put Barrett up. you can say.
I didn't want to nominate anybody from my
group because I wouldn't beat HOH if it
weren't for them.
Now you're in the good graces of the
people in your group.
Between Yash or Barrett. it's not really
about who I like or dislike more.
It's more about how this is gonna make Dee
look.
Because ultimately what's best for Dee is
best for me and the Red Corner Alliance.
You put Barrett up next to Taylor and
Mallory.
It allows you to save face with the people
in your group.
And I think that that would go a long way.
Dude. that is so smart.
Kamu is telling me not to put
anyone up from my team so
that it doesn't look bad.
which he's not entirely wrong.
However. I have a very close working
relationship with Barrett.
So the only other option who didn't play
in the HOH comp would be Ashley.
What's up?
Hi. come in.
Alright. hey. I'll give you guys some
privacy.
I appreciate you.
Thank you.
Yes. you too.
Good night. brother.
See ya.
Sorry. I didn't know you were in here.
Yeah. no. it's all good.
I want to run something by you.
Yeah.
I haven't talked to Yash at all.
but he was still part of my group.
So I'm like. how can I save face with
everyone in my group?
And then that leaves you and Ashley.
So obviously it would be Ashley.
not you.
Yeah. so replace Yash with Ashley.
I feel like she wouldn't disrupt anyone in
our alliance.
No.
I really don't want to piss off anyone in
the Red Corner Alliance. so I really need
to think through these nominations and be
really intentional.
Hey guys. it's time for the nomination
ceremony.
This is the nomination ceremony.
It is my responsibility
as the head of household
to nominate three
houseguests for eviction.
Rome. Chuck. Jason.
since you all won safety.
you are not eligible to
be nominated this week.
In my nomination block are the keys of the
houseguests I am nominating for eviction.
I will turn three keys to the houseguests
I am nominating for eviction.
I will turn three keys to
lock in my nominations.
and their faces will
appear on the memory wall.
The first houseguest I have nominated
is...
The next houseguest I have nominated is...
The final houseguest I have nominated
is...
I have nominated you. Mallory.
Yash. and Taylor.
I came into this game really late.
and on top of that. found out that three
people were also safe.
And I felt like the most fair thing to do
was nominate one person from each HOH team.
I hope that you guys can understand that
being the first head of household is
really hard. especially with such a short
period of time.
I'm really sorry.
This nomination ceremony is adjourned.
I nominated Mallory. Yash. and Taylor.
I decided to put up one person from each
team in the HOH competition.
I really feel like that's an easy
excuse to nominate people.
and I'm really hoping that
they don't take it personally.
Because I'm trying to make as little waves
as possible.
And I didn't have that many options to
begin with.
I'm feeling terrible.
I'm feeling like this blows.
It doesn't feel good to be nominated.
I obviously don't want to be the first one
to go home.
I'm feeling very defeated right now.
So I have to really pull myself
together and win this veto
and prove to myself and everyone
that I do deserve to be here.
I see my face on the wall
and instant gut punch.
but my instant reaction
is to put on a poker face.
Don't let them see you cry at that table.
A lot of times I do feel
like people underestimate
me. but I use that
as fire beneath me.
And I'm going to use that fire to win this
veto.
Dee definitely made a mistake putting me
on the block.
I was one of the pivotal people that
helped her solve that puzzle.
I am not scared of competition.
You give me two chances with
the veto and the blockbuster to
bet on myself and get my ass
off that block. I'm gonna do it.
So I know now. no more all smiles and
having fun.
I'm fired up and I'm gonna go in there and
get my ass off that block.
So everything has gone exactly according
to plan.
Dee and the crossover alliance wanted to
put up Yash and Mallory and Taylor.
Dee did what she said she was gonna do.
This is a beautiful start to season 28.
Who will win the power of veto?
And will it be used to save either Taylor.
Yash or Mallory from the chopping block?
Find out Wednesday night at 8.
7 central on Big Brother.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm